7 add documentation for random sampler random pooler and grid pooler (#8)
AutoResearch/autora-core: docs/experimentalists/pooler/random/index.md

# Random Pooler

Creates combinations from lists of discrete values using random selection.

## Example

> To illustrate the concept of a random pool of size 3, let's consider a situation where a certain condition is defined by two variables: $x_{1}$ and $x_{2}$. The variable $x_{1}$ can take on the values of 1, 2, or 3, while $x_{2}$ can take on the values of 4, 3, or 5.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To illustrate the concept of a random pool of size 3, let's consider a situation where a certain condition is defined by two variables: $x_{1}$ and $x_{2}$. The variable $x_{1}$ can take on the values of 1, 2, or 3, while $x_{2}$ can take on the values of 4, 5, or 6.
```

| $x_{1}$ | $x_{2}$ |
|---------|---------|
| 1       | 4       |
| 2       | 5       |
| 3       | 6       |

> This means that there are 9 combinations that these variables can form, a random pool of 3 randomly picks 3 out of the 9 possible cobinations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This means that there are 9 possible combinations for these variables (3x3), from which a random pool of size 3 draws 3 combinations.
```
